It was only about nine when I got home, but my parents were sitting at the kitchen table waiting for me. Misty maowed longingly and I picked her up. "Hey sweet kitty girl," I cooed before looking up at the two bewildered, angry people in chairs, one of them tear streaked. 
"Sorry," I said.
"It's okay," said my mom. "It's really okay that you were out, we just," she inhaled and it was broken like she was holding back tears.
My dad finished. "We don't know where you've been going. Between you being at school, hiding in your room, and going out at night, we haven't really seen you in weeks. We've just been talking about it."
My mom cut back in. "What's going on with you Sam? You look so sick and exhausted. Why don't your friends come over anymore?"
I tried to hide the discomfort on my face but I felt like I was failing. I realized I was hiding behind my hair and I tucked it behind an ear. I swiched and shifted my weight from foot to foot. I tried to find words explain myself but I really didn't know what to say. I wanted them to know that I was okay (just more sleepless than usual), but I really, really didn't think it was a good (or safe) idea to tell them any details about all the supernatural havoc that was my life at that point. Or the fact that Cole and Celia probably hated me and I didn't care, that I hadn't even seen Aubrey because I'd been too unsure of Buddy's murder potential to go yoga in a week (shoulders down and back in savasana is the most vulnerable I'd ever be), that Sven and I might potentially maybe definitely be talking again, or, I finished the list of friend drama in my head, that my internet boyfriend was coming to visit and would probably hate me because I was such a scattered mess these days. Shit. I'd forgotten about Reggie. We hadn't talked in almost a week, because my sleepless exhaustion had reached a point where I wasn't really capable of mustering the energy it took to interact. I laid in bed, fully dressed, on top of the covers all night staring at the cieling and thinking about all the ways my life was in immediate danger. By now, though, if all was still going according to plan, Reggie had gotten his tan minivan. He had already gotten the OK for a cross-country roadtrip with his sister Paulette. He was coming in 2 weeks. "Hey mom and dad," I ran the situation over in my head. "I've been talking online to this guy from California. He wants to come visit. Cool?" No, laughable. 
I stood in front of my parents. They were watching every move I made and analyzing every bit of my disheveled physique. I swayed to one side slightly, looking at the floor, feeling awkward about it, looking at my parents, feeling scrutinized. Picketers I could handle, and being on the news was hilarious, but I could not deal with being watched like this. Nobody was speaking and I could feel panic rising up inside me, starting in my diaphragm and constricting everything on the way up. My mouth was dry, and I didn't know if my body was urging me to go to my room to cry or to the bathroom to vomit. My parents just looked at me. I was too tired for this. I turned to go upstairs and think about the state of my affairs. Mom called, "Oh Sam, come back. Don't go." 
Things were changing. I had to.
--
I went upstairs to see if Reggie was online. He wasn't, so I sent him a text. "can you go online? i wanna figure out you visiting," it said. He replied within a minute saying he was at dinner with a friend and would be online to talk to me within an hour. 
While I waited (not like I was waiting), I worked on homework and talked to Sven. I would have just worked on my homework, but Sven had sent me an add request and a message and I felt amiable-ish enough towards him to reply. 
Sven said, "Hey, can we be friends on here?" 
I said, "Yeah."
He said, "That's good." He was working as hard as a Sven could work on extending that olive branch.
"Thanks for listening to me today," he sent.
"I'm good at that," I sent back.
"I realized I didn't say
ugh.
sorry"
"For what?" I asked. I figured if he would own up, then I'd be okay.
"you know for what u jerk"
"idk, you've done so much terrible shit since i've known you"
"all of it
i'm sorry for everything"
"go on"
"sorry for beating you up a lot
and hating you 
and telling everyone you were gay
which you are
but sorry"
"i'm not gay"
"who cares. do you forgive me"
"okay."
"thats a relief"
"i bet all that was hard to say
took a lot of thinking"
"you bet your gay ass"
"thank you for everything except the last part"
"lol your welcome"
I stopped replying after that, not because I didn't want to talk to Sven, but because I didn't have anything else to say. I was shocked and happy he'd want to further his apology. I thought, maybe, with this apology and the space I'd been able to get, maybe we could try to be friends again. I'd keep in mind that he was a total douchebag who was capable of creating lots of physical pain. But I'd let him be a part of my life because I wasn't like Sven. I was a cool-ass guy. 
I worked on my horrible, horrible math problems and listened to music for a while. Then, just about 45 minutes after he texted me, Reggie came online.
"Hey bub!" he sent.
"What's up friend?"
"Nothin. Just ate like SO MUch food. endless sushi man i tell you what"
"haha jealous. i havent eaten yet...all day oops"
"okay i'm not even gonna talk to you until you send me a picture of you eating a sandwich!  haha"
"haha fine i'll get something to eat"
"...
that's me not talking to you till you're eating a damn sandwich ;)"
I propelled myself out of my desk in the rolling chair and pushed to stand up. I stretched my arms over my head and yawned as I walked out the door. Misty said "brrp?" from the bed and I went back and scooped her up to go downstairs for food.
I hoped my parents were somewhere else, but as I qietly reached the bottom of the shady stairs, cat underarm, I could hear them talking from around the corner.
"Honestly, I think he needs therapy. He looks so sick and sad all the time, and he never eats or sleeps," my mom said in her caramelly soft lull of a voice.
"He's just growing up, Mina. I'm sure he's okay," said my dad. 
"Kids who are okay don't spend that much time alone." My mom's voice broke at the end. Misty squirmed out of my grasp and sauntered into the kitchen. "Hey Misty girl," said my mom.
"I did at that age. He's having a hard time but he'll be fine." Dad talked like what he was saying was the final word. I don't think he meant to, but he did. 
"He's having a hard time and we have great insurance, so maybe we should get him a thera--oh Hello, Sammy!" I'd had enough and shown myself.
"Your old dad and I were just talking about you."
"Okay."
"How are you sweetie?" She looked tired too. She was the one who had given me the genes to wear my exhaustion on my sleeve all the time. Even so, though, and even with her age, she was a gorgeous lady. I don't know how she spat out a snaggletoothed monster like me when she had a face like that. It was heart shaped and her features were perky. A long nose that turned softly up at the bottom, full sloping lips, big eyes, almost black. Her hair was black too, but not straight like mine, it was voluminous, long, with big curls and little grey streaks all throughout.  Her cheeks were naturally a little pink and her lips were naturally a little red. Her body was plump and curvy. I used to sit in her lap and pull little locks of her hair and say "pretty mommy." I still thought that, even though I kind of wanted her to leave me alone.
"Yeah, I'm fine." I smiled and I felt its insincerity.
"Sam, we were thinking," my dad began with furrowed brow. He was the genetic explanation for my straight hair and long body type, and half the reason I was so pale (the other half being a mixture of my mom and my life choices). His parents were Polish immigrants and he looked it. Tall, sharp, blonde, and severe. A little like Sven but a few inches shorter, a bit thinner, with a more sensible complextion, and, of course, 100% less of a douchebag. Maybe 99% less. "We were thinking you might like to go see a therapist. We want to do what's best for you, and if that is talking to someone who isn't us about what's going on, we support that and will help you as much as we can." My mom looked at him a little bit skeptically. I'd be skeptical too if my good idea had just gotten stolen.
"Okay," I said. I figured it might actually be a good idea to unload some of this on somebody who was getting paid not to be shitty to me. I'd have to change a few details I suppose. 
"Alright sweets. I'm proud of you," said my mom, beckoning me with her hands for a hug. I gave her one and she smelled like strawberries.
"I'm gonna find some food," I said. "I haven't eaten."
My mom sighed and tearfully said, "Okay." It was menopause time for her and she hardly ever stopped crying. 
On the way to the fridge, Misty asked for me to pick her up again. "I'm gonna have to start taking you everywhere with me," I whispered to the pretty long haired grey kitty, throwing open the door to the fridge and looking at the sparse, sterile drawers. A leek, some carrots, unfinished mashed potatoes, cranberry juice. The cabinets were pretty routinely not well stocked as well, there was some rice and were some boxes of things I'd have to cook if I was interested in ating them. I was not into it. The freezer had a frozen spinach Paneer thing, though, so I threw it in the micrwave and went back to the table with Misty. 
"I think she needs a leash," I lamented. She deserved to go outside. 
"Would it make you feel better if Misty had a leash?" ased my dad oddly.
"Well, yeah." That's what I had just said. 
We were quiet for a moment. The microwave went off and I put Misty down with a mrrp, grabbed my food and a fork, scooped her back up and went upstairs. 
"heeey sorry," I sent Reggie.
"that was a while
what did you do, roast a duck?"
"no i just talked to my parents 
they want me to see a therapist i guess"
"hey i see a therapist. its been totally helpful"
"yeah i'm thinking about trying it. could sort out my life a little.
anyhow what's your plan for visiting?"
"oh yanno. its kind of up in the air right now. we'd be leaving LA probably friday afternoon and trying to get to new york by tuesday. just so we could have some days there before we came home you know"
"yeah totally"
"well if we come stay with you on like saturday night, we could hang out till sunday afternoon and then pauline and i can head out from there. do you have plans that weekend?"
"none except seeing you!"
"alright awesome. i'll plan on that then. cutie."
I liked him. "awesome. i've got to do so much homework now though so i'll talk to you later."
"alright... cant wait to really catch up
xoxo"
"xo"

