Throughout most of the walk to the Ham hole, Misty flipflopped between telling me with "mrrp"s and "broooow"s what was going on and huddling close and shivering. She was an inside cat, but she loved sneaking outside and licking the bushes, so I felt like she was well-equipped to cuddle in my arms and go somewhere new. By the time we got there, she had calmed down and was pretty quietly sitting in my arms and observing. 
I knocked on Ham's door. "Coming!" I heard. "What password?"
"Ham 2013."
"Mwaow?"
"Good job Sammy! You come in!" Ham opened the door. When he saw Misty in my arms, he was immediately reduced into a puddle of Sasquatch goo. "Oooooh who this!" he hollered, his face looking more blissed out than I'd ever seen it. 
"This is Misty," I said. 
"Hey kitty!" he whispered.
"Mraw," she said.
"She really likes you," I smiled. That was sort of a surprise. Misty was finnicky at best with people she didn't know, but she looked at Ham and seemed unsurprised. 
"How you know?" asked Ham gleefully.
"She told me," I joked.
"Ohhhhh," Ham said, seeming to understand something that was lost on me. "Okay Sam, okay Misty, come into house please. You catch cold out there."
Mostly everyone was already milling around inside. Only Brian, Melia, and Goody Corey were missing. Sven was sitting on the biggest couch with his bare feet on the coffee table. Melody and Carl were in the kitchen cooking something that smelled tasty and like I couldn't probably eat it. Why were they cooking? Didn't they prefer raw meat? I suddenly pieced together yesterday's coffee run and decided that people food probably just tasted better. Maybe the whole "raw human meat" thing was a means to an end rather than a necessary part of being who they were. I hoped so. I decided to investigate further. 
I went to where the two of them were standing and Misty greeted them. "Hey Sam, hey cat," said Carl like he'd seen it all before.
Melody laughed chirpingly. "Who is that?" she asked. 
"Misty," I answered. "I have a question about your diets."
"Sure," said Carl.
"Why are you cooking? Aren't you...more interested in raw meat? People?" I gestured to Melody. "Brains?" I suggested to Carl. 
Carl gave me that look again like I'd said something ignorant and repulsive. "That's what, some of us, do, to survive," said Carl in a patronizing manner. "But we, are lucky, to not need, to live, like that." 
"I can't imagine what it would be like to actually need to live off that stuff, Sam," said Melody, tossing her perfect ponytailed head. "I get the urge, and I can't say I don't  kill," she winked, "but as long as I get enough protein and hypnotize enough men I'm usually good. Maybe once a month I can't stop myself." 
"I just get, so hungry," said Carl. "I do my best, but everybody messes up."
Well, that conversation had gotten overwhelming fast. I took Misty across the room to where Buddy and Captain were sitting. Buddy looked like he was sniffing the air, and then his head snapped to Misty and I. He growled. Captain remained curled up (I didn't want to think "stupidly") on Buddy's lap, tongue sticking out a little, a black spot over one eye, while Buddy continued to snarl. I walked away. 
It was then that Finnigan approached Misty and I and said, in his ever genuine tone, "Ah, Vampires with familiars are rare." 
Familiars? Oops. Bringing Misty had been the worst plan. I wasn't just a Vampire now, I was a Vampire with a familiar. I struggled to decide whether it was smarter to come clean or just let this be the way things were. I mean, I wasn't going to bring her back, after Buddy's little snarling problem. I really, really did not want to push that guy's buttons. If Cole had been here I'd have whispered "swiner'd."

