I decided the next night to try to tackle a yoga class. It was mostly because Buddy'd said something in passing at the meeting the previous night about how he missed his favorite yogi, and my heart had jumped into my chest and I promised him I'd be there. There was something uncanny and horrible about Buddy these days. His smooth, calm tone now seemed calculated and necessary. I was sure he was right when he said I didn't want to know what he was. But also, the unknown classically set me into a panicked tizzy. Many a sleepless hour lately was consumed with an image of a gloopy alien with slimy, grey teeth and a manical screech ripping out of the skin Buddy used as casing. It wasn't always an alien, though. Sometimes I tried to calm my mind by convincing myself that Buddy was a merman, that maybe he grew a tail when he got wet and maybe he was embarrassed about it like Sven was about being an Elf, or maybe he didn't want to tempt us rowdy teens into moistening him. That was my go-to lately. I only knew one of every beast and I figured there was some natural or imposed order to that. I didn't yet know a merman. 
More often, though, Buddy's unknown true form could not satisfy me as being a mermaid, and I lived in fear of what he might be. Boggart? Orc? Could Orcs shapeshift? How was I supposed to know, I was a shy seventeen year old music nerd. I didn't know any of this crap.
Harder than I worked to keep myself half-believing that Buddy was a merman, I worked  to keep my mind from even letting itself stray to the idea of "Werewolf."
It would make sense, right? I'd never fully entertained this idea but the thoughts in my head were fully formed about him. Werewolves were a staple of mythical zoology. I had to know at least one. They were supposed to change only on the full moon, which I guessed would make sense, as Buddy seemed like he was usually a human. The thing that I feared though, was that it wasn't limited to the full moon. Maybe it was a rage-based thing and that was why everything he said was so premeditated, why he spent so much time practicing presence, relaxation, breathing. Yoga was the ultimate mechanism to count to ten and calm down. As you lengthen up, let something go, and as you extend over, soften into acceptance. Buddy frequently would give little inspiring speeches while we were in difficult strength poses or sitting very still. He would say that before he had found yoga, his life was a mess. But now he knew that there was simply no reason to hate, no reason to harbor anger or resentment. Typical Werewolf, I thought, before realizing that I did a lot of "typical Vampire" things and look where it had gotten me. Then Buddy would remind us to wrap our outer upper arms in or tell us to think about his relaxed little bulldog. And what was his thing with his dog! Maybe Werewolves forged stronger bonds with dogs than regular people, or something. 
Buddy wasn't really somebody I wanted to piss off, and not knowing what he was ("merman, merman," I said to myself) made me terrified of what he could be. I'd stayed away from yoga because I knew I was going to slouch up into my shoulders and he was going to come up and touch them with his scary hands and pull them down, exposing my neck. I hadn't really been into that idea. But also, having been specifically invited by Buddy to yoga meant I couldn't stay home this time without blowing my cover. Of course, Buddy couldn't know that I was scared. That felt dangerous. I didn't want to hurt his feelings; I didn't want to make him mad and therefore catalyze his transformation into a scaly Lizard monster. 
And, I admitted, I didn't hate the guy. He was my favorite yoga teacher. There were two others whose classes I frequented. One was a tiny litle woman named Kristie who did too much cardio. I prefered the slow stuff, maybe a vinyasa blend, but nothing that could be compared even remotely to Zumba. Kristie was great at Zumba-ing up her classes and therefore removing the relaxation and class from them. She pranced around in thin yoga pants and tiny expensive athletic tops, not giving anybody enough time to even get comfortable in a pose before she pulled us out and into another. Her classes were my least favorite but sometimes I went to them if I was in the mood to really kick my own ass.
The other option for instruction other than Buddy was old Seve. He was ancient and snarky and into long stretches. He was fine at making my body feel good, but I usually left feeling like someone had been making fun of me. 
Buddy was the best teacher and not a terrible guy. I'd never found fault with him before I knew he was an unknown mysterious murderbeast, and I shouldn't find fault with him now. After all, my favorite person these days was not a person at all but a Sasquatch. And if a Sasquatch could have a liberal political agenda, Buddy the monster could teach the heck out of some yoga.
And that he did that evening in class. Other than the fact that I had to try harder than usual not to laugh at his Captain references (and I did start giggling at one point), I really had a good class. Aubrey was there as well, which was nice. Before class started she quickly told me she was glad to see me after having been so busy the last few weeks, and then started talking about the date she'd had last night.
"You know, he's kind of weird, but I like him. He's pretty cute, you know, and super sweet. He's kind of weird though, like he swore he had made a reservation at the restaurant we went to last night but they totally couldn't find him on the list and we had to wait for like, 45 minutes. And he went to the bathroom for like, the entire first half of a True Blood episode and he wouldn't answer me, so I went to check and when I came back he was sitting on the couch. Super weird right? But I like him. He's so sweet."
"Whoa, I know that guy," I said.
"You do? Oh my God, you know Brian?" she chirped. 
"Always looks kind of sad?" I asked.
"Yeah, it's super weird, right? But he's totally cute."
I decided not to tell her the truth about the ghost she was dating. "He's a good guy, Aubrey."
"How do you know him?" She pushed. 
"He's friends with somebody I know." I knew that'd be enough for her.
"Oh wow, that is so awesome. So did I tell you about the cats?" 
"Noooooo."

