It was Saturday afternoon and Reggie was fifteen minutes away from my house. 
I was in the bathroom adjusting and readjusting my clothes, tucking my hair behind my ears and pulling it back over them, pulling my shirt to get it to look right. I had never been this hung up on looking perfect before, ever. I'd also never been to a dance before and I'd never had a first impression this big to make. Not that it was really a first impression, I reminded myself. He'd seen my face contorted on Facebook in, I assumed, all 263 of my photos. I'd seen all of his photos. 
Not in a creepy way.
I had put on at least four different combinations of outfits. I didn't own a huge variety of clothing. I mostly just wore band shirts and jeans. Nevertheless, I tried on all three of the pants I liked to see which one made me look the least awkward. I eventually picked the ones that would have been the most expensive had I not gotten them on black Friday. The shirt I wore was grey and about Radiohead. 
I had cleaned my room, picking up all the granola bar wrappers fron under the bed and dirty holey old socks from inside the closet. I wasn't generally a big mess generator but I did tend to leave things that I was done with laying around rather than throwing them away. 
By now I'd been in the bathroom for more than fifteen minutes. Looking at myself, making faces, ruffling my hair, brushing it back out, tucking and untucking my shirt (why would I tuck it in anyway? I never did that), and brushing my teeth twice. Finally I decided that it wasn't going to get better than this. I gave myself a final mirror wink and went to leave, just as my phone buzzed. 
"i think i'm on your street," said the text from Reggie.
I hustled down the stairs, passing my mom on the way and calling, "Reggie's here!" with more enthusiasm than I generally tended to have about things. I went out the front door and saw the tan minivan of many previous two dimensional internet pictures coming towards my house. The sun's glare obscured the driver, but it didn't stop the frantic uproar that had started brewing in my stomach. 
I would have flagged him down or waved or something, but instead I just stood there with wide eyes, paralyzed with anticipation, as Reggie's face eased into visibility through the clear window and he aptly parallel parked on the street. Pauline opened her door and stepped out. I'd said hello to her a few times. She was very nice. She looked a lot like Reggie, but of course, more ladylike and a bit older. She was a sophomore in college this year, but she still lived in her parents' house. She went to college at UCLA, which, in my limited knowledge of Los Angeles' geography, I understood to be not terribly far from Santa Monica, where Reggie's family lived.
"Hey Sam, she said while Reggie's door opened.
"Hi," I said, my voice cracking into a near whisper.
Reggie stepped out of the mom van and closed the door behind him. He looked good, even after having driven all day. His smile was the kind of smile I'd expect the sun to have if it had a face. He was sort of what I pictured the sun being like as a human, actually. He was Apollo-like. I thought that and realized I was completely infatuated and ridiculous. But he was so sunny, he had a tan and the kind of muscles that came from doing stuff, not the kind that happened when you "worked out." He surfed, like I assumed everyone did who lived a mile from the beach. His hair was brown but had warm gold highlights. His face was freckled and his cheeks had a kind blush. He was so cute in person.
I sighed and he beamed and walked towards me with his arms open for a hug. He was warm and comforting and he smelled like good deodorant. I squeezed a little harder than I meant to. His chin hooked around my shoulder, he hugged me tight and said, "I am so happy to finally meet you." What a dreamboat.
"You too," I choked up through the frustrated butterflies throwing themselves against the lining of my insides. He let go. Pauline and I shared a much less enthusiastic hug and I led them inside.
"Hey mom, here's Reggie and Pauline," I said, finding a shred of confidence again.
"Hello," said my mom in a tone that suggested that she, too, thought Reggie was cuter in person. He gave her a winning grin. She got up to give he and Pauline little hugs. "It's very nice to meet you," she said with genuinely. 
"You too, Ms. Clark," said Reggie respectfully, still showing off his white teeth. My mom's face was growing warmer by the minute. 
"Well, it's early," Reggie said, keeping things rolling. "Do you think the three of us could go to the mall or something for a bit?" asked Reggie, half to me and half to my mom. 
"Oh of course," she answered lovingly. "Be back by 6:30 so I can get some pictures of you all before the dance." I nodded and started leaving, leading the siblings out behind me. 
We all got in the car, which had carpety seating and smelled like air fresheners and plastic. Reggie plugged his music player into the wire coming out of the tape jack. "Pick something?" he asked me as we began the seven minute drive to the mall. 
I rifled through his artists list, which, as I knew, was inspiringly good. I picked Radiohead to match my shirt and we longingly moaned along to Kid A while I gave him directions and we took the short journey to the mall. We arrived, Reggie parked, and we all went in. 
I can't say our conversation didn't start off kind of stunted and strange. It was a different setting, being in the same room with him. I was so used to having a screen between us that it was strange to actually get to look him in the eyes, to hug him, and maybe later, if he was thinking waht I was thinking, to kiss him. I wanted to so badly.

We went to a few shops but mostly just found ourselves walking through the big open hallways of the mall, joking and laughing and having a merry old time. We tried our best to keep Pauline involved in the conversation, but it was hard. Once he and I got comfortable, we had so much to say to each other. She was just kind of there most of the time. I sort of felt bad, but I was usually the third wheel (or second or fifth or really any number, my awkwardness was the constant) in situations, and I figured I'd have to learn how to get over that myself before I made it my job to help old Pauline. 
We had a really nice hour or so at the mall, just perusing shop windows. We'd poke fun at what the mannequins were wearing and try and imitate the models. To this day there exist several photos of me very aptly interpreting the stance of some lovely emaciated high fashion females. Reggie too, though he committed less to the facial expressions than I did and therefore was not, America's next top model. 
We tried on a few silly getups as well, me in a ladies' sweater with a shimmery cat embroidered to the front, he in a lime green fleece peacoat, jeggings, and nude pumps, pauline in 3XL silk pajamas. We got kicked out of the store with that last one, as Pauline hilariously paraded back and forth across the dressing room, the lacy lavender bottoms falling down around her ankles twice. We had a great time. 

Finally, though, it was time to go home and prepare for the dance. Reggie and Pauline had brought nice things, and I had one nice outfit. Over black jeans I wore my one button down (it was maroon), my dad's black tie, and a pretty nice black jacket. I also donned the red Doc Marten's that I loved too much to wear without a reason. That wasn't really because I doubted their integrity, I didn't, and I honestly was excited for the way they'd look when I broke them in enough to show some wear. But if I wore them once every month or two, when there was a reason for people to look at me, I never, ever got less than four compliments. Sometimes people would just say they liked my shoes, but more often people would say they liked my shoes and I looked great, and sometimes they'd skip the shoes all together and just tell me I was hot. I figured if I always wore the shoes, people would stop noticing that I was hot. Today, however, was the kind of day that warranted these lucky shoes of mine. Today I wanted Reggie to notice me. 

I let Reggie and Patricia take the bathroom and my bedroom while I changed in my parents' room. I finished changing first, probably because my getup was the least extravagant. I walked out of the downstairs bedroom and showed off to my parents, sitting on the couch in front of the news. "You look great," smiled my dad. My mom agreed, voicing her approval with oohs and aahs. She got up off the couch to give me a big hug. She was big on those.

"My handsome baby. I couldn't be more proud," she said, arms wrapped around me. I tried not to groan. She might as well be pinching my cheeks! There was a cute boy in the house! Where were her manners!

Reggie emerged from the stairwell, looking just about as dapper as I'd ever seen a person look. He was wearing a navy blue button down with brown suspenders and a red tie. His tight-ish pants were a bit darker than his suspenders, as was a jacket he had over his shoulder. He had done a little to tame his hair, defining the part he had on the right side (same as mine) and combing it down. His shoes were old fashioned penny loafer types. He was representing this old timey charm that I completely dug. I dug it so much that I almost wanted it to go away. Reggie was nearly too attractive. I thought about literally hitting the floor and screaming, "I'm tapping out!" Maybe running around in a few circles slapping people's faces. Was it the imp of the perverse or was it the first time someone so attractive had ever liked me back? I decided it was both, and instead of tapping out and assaulting my mom and dad, I waited for them to finish complimenting handsome Reggie on his handsome outfit, and then I called to him. "Reggie?"

"Mmm-hmm?" He asked, doing that thing that he kept fucking doing which was looking at me with that great face he had. 

"Will you come here for a second?" the butterflies started hurling themselves against my vital organs again.

Reggie came to me. I led him to the kitchen, where I asked, "Do you want to kiss me?" I fought an immediate urge to throw up after shoving those words out my mouth. What if he didn't want to kiss me? I had just ruined everything, past present and future, in six words.

Fortunately, the answer turned out to be yes, only he didn't say yes. He just opened his eyes kind of wide with surprise and then he smiled, before coming close to me, wrapping his arms around my hips, leaning in and pushing his lips against mine. I sort of just stood there until I realized I was just standing there and started participating. I mashed my lips against his, matching his aggressiveness. I can't say I was the most experienced kisser out there, I'd only kissed three people in all my seventeen years on this planet, but I certainly wasn't the worst kisser out there. I wasn't the worst kisser whose lips I'd ever tasted, even. 

That James kid, who had been my first "boyfriend" (though we mostly just hung out in my bedroom after school and pretended like nothing was going on between us), had been a pretty alright kisser. I think we'd both been each other's firsts so mostly the kisses we shared were delicate and unintrusive. I didn't mind kissing James at all. Of course, we never had a chance to get comofortable with each other, as our affair was cut short due to Sven's violent outburst, which had changed my mind about James. 

Then had come my kisses with a girl named Shiela who I'd dated for a while. We met at a little concert for an indie band that was passing through. Nobody cool lived in Stillwater, so meeting a cute girl who liked me and the Tallest Man On Earth at the same time was a pretty big deal. She was tall and had very small teeth. She was a pretty good kisser, except that she expected me to lead all the time. I had to initiate all the kissing, I had to hold her hand first, I had to make every single move. When we kissed, she gave the minimum amount of response that she had to. We eventually broke up because of this. I was too anxious to even take care of my own business a lot of the time, let alone mine and my submissive girlfriend's. 

Finally was Cole. This had just happened once, when he and I'd had an all night horror movie marathon (I thought about this and got chills, as every Zombie trope and Blair Witch fear monger had turned out to be quietly, understatedly true). We'd gone from sitting on the couch next to each other, to innocently holding hands and squeezing in fear, to spooning, to making out. It had happened once and Cole hadn't wanted to talk about it afterwards. I figured I'd let it be, even though he'd been the most passionate and least sloppy of all the people I'd kissed.

Now, though, Reggie was doing something completely different from anything I'd eer experienced. He was not delicate, nor was he submissive. He was aggressively, almost angrily shoving his tongue in my mouth, licking my teeth every once in a while, slobbering all over the place, and I didn't like it at all. I let it go on with minimal interruption, though, since I had literally asked for it. 

Finally, it was over, and Reggie stepped back to look at me. He smiled sunnily again and I remembered that I totally liked him and totally did not want to barf all over his face. I forced a smile that I knew was uncomvincing. Reggie didn't seem to notice. He sort of smirked knowingly, like we'd just shared an intimate moment or something, and walked out to the living room. 

Pauline had just gotten to the stairwell, looking great in a sheeny muted green thing that poofed out at the waist and had a big bow in the back. She was wearing light makeup, I could tell, and had tamed her curly mane into big smooth swoops rather than a gorgeous but wild mess. She'd also taken off her black rectangular glasses. Basically, she looked less like a girl who was pretty but had shit to do, and more like she belonged in an ad for Seventeen magazine. 

My parents clapped for her and told her she looked great. My mom picked up her silly little camera from the table beside the couch and gracefully stood up from the chair. "Alright you three, go in front of the door so I can take some pictures!" 

I tried to smile like I meant it, but ended up looking kind of uncomfortable in all my photos. I tended to look uncomfortable in photos, anyhow. Even in candids there was some part of me that didn't translate correctly. Either that or I was always generally awkward and nobody had ever told me. 

Reggie and Pauline both looked beautiful and pristine in their photos, as they tended to do. Pauline made my mom retake the photos a few times, though, as she thought she looked terrible in the first few. The pictures that made her happy were the ones where Reggie and I looked the worst, but c'est la vie. 

Finally, it was time to head to the dance. I had been itching to show Reggie off to Melody and Carl before he kissed me, but now I was only a little excited. Half of my feelings for Reggie had turned into worry that he would kiss me again. I didn't like that but it was the case. 

We got in the tan van again and began the ridiculously short two block drive to the school. I'd suggested we walk, but Reggie didn't think that was classy enough and he insisted he drive.

We got to the school and went around to the gym side. They were selling tickets at the front to anybody who was with somebody who had a school ID. Reggie and Pauline paid their ten dollar a piece dues and we all went inside. 

I saw a flash of Melody's red dress in the opposite corner of the fairly small gymnasium and I led Reggie and Pauline over there. "Hey Mel," I called over loud bassy music once I'd weaved through all the dapper looking folks and flagged her down. "This is Reggie and Pauline!" Reggie grabbed my hand and interlaced his fingers through mine. Okay, I supposed.

"Hello!" called Melody. "It's nice to meet you, I've heard a lot!" Her voice was sultrier than I had gotten used to and I could see in Reggie's eyes that he was charmed. I stepped on Melody's foot to get her to stop it. How rude. Reggie didn't even like girls, how was he going to explain to himself that he had just fallen in love with one. I tried to get Melody's attention so I could subtly glare at her but she purposefully ignored me. I could tell that she had let Reggie go, though. He was looking at her and back to me and his eyebrows were furrowed in confusion.

I moved on. "Here's Carl," I said, gesturing to the clammy looking boy with the bad teeth and the ill-fitting grey suit. I assumed it was his dad's. 

"Hello, Reggie. Hi, Pauline." I didn't know how he had heard her name over the din, but I was pleased.

Sven appeared as well, in all black, looking tall and morose. "Meet my friends," I said. 

Reggie whispered, "Aren't you going to tell them I'm your boyfriend?" in my ear. I tried not to shudder; his beath was damp and cool, not to mention that he wasn't my boyfriend and I didn't even think I wanted that from him anymore. I looked at him like I understood his pain and I shook my head smally, hopefully giving off a vibe that said something along the lines of, "I can't, not now."

"This is Sven," I said to Sven, whose upset expression I hoped wasn't too intimidating for Reggie and Pauline. "This is Reggie and Pauline. They're visiting from California." 

"We're dating," interrupted Reggie. Alright, he was cute and all, but I didn't like this intrusive, overwhelming Reggie too much.

Sven looked like something really bad had just happened. Melody patted him on the lower back, having to stretch upward a little just to touch it with her tiny hand, and looked at him sternly. Carl stood looking dumbstruck and confused a he tended to do. I fought my body's natural urge to flee the scene and find a bathroom stall to hyperventilate in. Pauline looked overwhelmed, too, and Reggie just looked proud. I wanted to scream at everyone.

The first to break the horrible silence had to be Melody, with her no nonsense, businesslike manner. I liked her for that, if not for the fact that she was a horrible mistress of violence. "So, how about this dance," she laughed without a hint of doubt or anxiety. Dear, sweet Melody.

Carl laughed slowly along with her. Then I started laughing, partly because it seemed like the thing that all the cool kids were doing and mostly because my life was ridiculous.

The rest of the dance seemed to pass by in this exact manner. Reggie being way too clingy and making many narrowly avoided passes at me, Sven seething, Melody diligently keeping the show rolling, Carl appearing dumbfounded, and Pauline and I hanging out in the awkward corner. She and I actually got pretty close that night. Neither of us really wanted to be there after just a few minutes of sizing up the situation, and neither of us could really leave. If Reggie hadn't insisted on toting me around on his arm all evening, I would have bailed with Paulene and gotten a sandwich. 

Eventually, 
