I took a deep breath in and out my nose, ujjayi style, and I knocked on the door of the little house on Patterson street. Within just a few seconds, I heard a loud cry of, “Coming!” followed by heavy footsteps leading to the door, and a very deep, Hamlike voice spoke. “Tell me password!” it boomed.
“It’s uh. It’s Sam.”
“Oh okay, you no need password Sam,” spoke Ham’s disembodied, booming voice. I thought this was his attempt at quietness.
The door swung open and there stood a very naked Ham. Luckily, the bits I wasn’t terribly interested in seeing were covered in fur. Very silky golden brown fur. I had to ask Ham what kind of shampoo he used on that stuff, I was jealous. Funny, that. I liked Ham the most even though he was the only one of the four who had actually hurt me. I had nearly lost consciousness when he had, you know, picked me up without my consent and carried me to the park to get naked. You can’t just go around trusting a Sasquatch who acts like that. But I felt like, from my limited knowledge of Ham, he was simply doing what he thought was best. 
“Come in, Sammy. I show you ‘round Ham hole.” Ham hole! I loved it. 
“Here hallway. We use to get to rest of house.” We walked (well, I walked, and Ham stomped) down a fairly ageworn but clean hallway. “Here living room. I had TV but Sven get mad, break it with fist! He say sorry but still very naughty. Now no Nintendo for anyone.” He laughed and it rattled the windows. The living room had an entertainment center that was, as Ham described, missing a TV. It still had a Nintendo 64 and a bunch of games and VHS tapes, though. What was this, 1997?
“Okay here kitchen. Whatever in fridge belong to everyone. If have thing you really not want share you write name but no promise we no get jealous make fun of you.” I laughed with Ham this time. I was mouselike in comparison to his booming, gut-based guffaw. He was doing a pretty awesome job of making me feel welcome and calming the palpitations of my murder-expectant heart. 
“Now take right please. We go down other hallway.” Ham sighed with exasperation. “Why all these hallway! Waste Ham life walk down hallway all day.” 
“Okay take left. This bathroom. This where do the poop poops. When finish please wash hand, Sam. No forget like Carl, please with cherry. Ham just ask one thing.” I liked Ham a whole bunch right now, so I nodded my head and smiled wholesomely. He clambered on, the top of his voluminous hair brushing the ceiling and his huge frame filling the entire hallway.
“Now we go to Ham room. This where Ham sleep. Not special.” I looked into the doorway, over Ham’s gargantuan, hairy hand that was still holding the doorknob open. There wasn’t really a bed, it was much more like a large nest. One corner of the room was covered with all colored blankets, sleeping bags, pillows, the works. There was a pile of books by the side of the nest and plenty of Christmas tree lights thumbtacked to the wall. 
“Ham, you read?” I asked, genuinely surprised. 
“Heck yeah Ham read! I running for mayor next year! Got to learn socioeconomic policy. My platform more trashcans! Right now, only have blue, green, and black. That very limited color pallet. Thinking of red trashcan for fire trash. Also think crime need stop, so definitely be working on that. Ham slogan, ‘Clean Up Stillwater!’” As he boisterously shouted his slogan, he winked and pointed in a very practiced manner. I knew where my vote was going next year.
Ham started to close the door and opened his big pink lips around big, haphazardly placed square teeth to say something else, when there was a rap on the door. “Coming!” he boomed and thumped to the front room. I followed slowly, smiling to myself, when I heard Ham’s chest-vibrating voice through the halls and walls. “Say password! Ok Sven you invited this time but next time maybe not so lucky.” So Sven had arrived.
I went out to see if it was the Sven of my thoughts, and, lo and behold, it was the very same. This was the closest I had been to him in a long while. He was almost Ham’s height but about half his size. He was quite svelt, with longish, shiny white-blonde hair (painfully Norwegian) and blue eyes as icy as the look on his face when he saw me. Was it bad that I thought puberty had done him great justice? In the past year and a half or so he had grown out of being a lanky, big eared kid and really turned into a man. I hated thinking that. But wow, actually wow. Even with that stupid holy looking grimace smeared across his face I was pretty into it. Now just to extract the parts that were rude, slimy, and full of malice (almost all of them), and take back all the times he, as a testosterone overloaded grown-up to be, had spat in my face or knocked me down. Yeah. Minus all that stuff he would be totally great to kiss. Sometimes I hated my brain. 
“Hey Sven,” I said. He rolled his eyes and shook his head minutely, brushing past me and flopping down on the couch with legs crossed on the coffee table. 
I didn’t have a lot of time to feel awkward, rejected, or upset any more than getting red in the ears, because then came a dainty knock on the door. I knew who this was. “Coming!” boomed Ham, who was already at the door. “What password!” 
I heard a husky female voice through the door but I didn’t hear what it said, and Ham opened the door to let in Melody, followed blankly by Carl. 
“Hey, Sammy,” said Melody in the same lulling voice she had used today in the cafeteria, but with far fewer ramifications. I didn’t like her again. She was hard to like, I supposed, after pretty much drugging me up with her sex hormones two days in a row. She was a wonderfully attractive girl, physically, but I wasn’t really over the fact that I’d fallen in and out of love with her several times already due to her using the same ploy she apparently used before she murdered people. I assumed that was it, now. Some sort of gross glandular excretion was at play here. I was glad, at least, that she had the power to turn off her sick talent. 
“Oh hi, Melody. Not softening me up for slaughter today? It’s nice to see you when I’m not tripping balls,” I would have said if I had had any balls to trip, whatever that means. Instead I smiled at her and I did my best to make it look like I knew what she had done and I was pleased about it. “Hello. Hey Carl.”
“Hi,” moaned Carl. If Melody turning off the freaky love mist had comforted me, looking at undead Carl undid all that. Carl was a zombie, and it was so perfectly new pair of glasses style clear to me now that it made my stomach lurch. I tried to hide the terror on my face. 
There was another knock at the door, which surprised me. I had foolishly assumed that I only had Ham, Carl, Melody, and Sven to worry about. “Coming!” hollered Ham, still standing right in the doorway. “What password?”
I, again, didn’t hear the password, but the voice behind the door was eerily familiar. “Good job!” said Ham, opening the door to...no. 
Buddy, my yoga teacher. With a bulldog under his arm. Oh my god, I had to text Aubrey.“Buddy is here and I THINK I JSUT MET CAPTAIN????” I was about to hit send when I realized Aubrey would want to know where “here” was, whether she’d be able to come next time, who else was there, why wasn’t she invited, etc. I figured this inside joke would have to just stay inside. 
I stared with my mouth open as Ham ushered Buddy, a short, muscular man with premature balding, in through the door. “Hello Sam!” he said in his calm, controlled voice. I was tapping out. What did a Sasquatch, a Siren, a Zombie, a jerk, and a yoga instructor with a dog have in common? Fuck if I knew. 
“Wow, Buddy, I didn’t expect to see you here?” The statement turned into a question as I got more confused. 
“Nobody does,” he smoothly uttered, and then he winked at me. What the hell was that supposed to mean? 
Over the next five minutes or so, six more people showed up as I got progressively more sure that I wasn't carzy and that I was currently hanging out with a bunch of mythical creatures. One was someone I thought I had seen before but wasn’t sure where, who was very pallid and drained over copper skin and had a longing expression pasted on his face. He seemed to flicker in my peripheral vision whenever I looked away but I could never catch it when it happened. He introduced himself to me as Brian and told me he was happy to meet me, that he had heard a lot. Oh boy.
Then came a lady who was impossibly pretty. She was dark skinned and had long braided black hair. There was a blush across her round cheeks and a mothering smile on her full lips. Her curvy body was shrouded in a dress the color of fresh spring leaves, that came down above her knees and displayed lovely smooth dark legs. I wanted to sit down and blink at her for the forseeable future. She looked so nice and so pretty. The entire room silenced their chattiness and watched her enter with sparkling eyes. I was surprised there weren’t collective ooh’s and aah’s. She introduced herself to me as Melia and said she couldn’t stay long, but was so very glad to meet me. I felt warm when I looked at her.
After Melia was a lady I’d seen before asking for money on the street. She was short and hunched over with an uneven tan and stringy grey hair. She literally had a hook nose with a wart on it. If I had believed in witches before, I would have been able to spot her from a mile away. She crowed her hello and some spit landed on my face. It burned. 
Another was a small man with coppery curly hair and a mischevious grin. He wasn’t wearing green or toting a pot of gold but I knew just what the heck he was supposed to be. “Finnigan, my friend,” he said in an Irish accent. How did he get away with that?
There was also a funny walking guy with loose sweats on. He had a little goatee that came to a point, a broad nose, curly hair, big yellow eyes and a calm expression. I didn’t want to check because I didn’t want to be rude, but if I had seen little goat horns on his head I’d know what he was all about. 
Finally, came a knock accompanied by an angry screech. “The worst tenant!” was the only thing I could make out among high pitched syllables. 
“Coming!” yelled Ham. “What password!” he gleefully said. I got the feeling he loved to host.
“It’s Stepan! You let me in!” 
Ham’s massive hairy smile contorted to a nervous toothy grimace. “I return soon,” he whispered, though it was still forceful enough to create a gust in the room.
As soon as Ham opened the tiny door with his giant arm, Stepan, a very round man with a terrible purplish face and a carpety tan business suit pushed his way in the door. “One of your friends parked in the red!” He screeched and my ears popped the way they do when I’m on an airplane.
“I can’t have my tenants bringing ragamuffins into their homes!” his tone was impossibly high. 
Carl sidled up to me, as well as a Zombie could sidle, and whispered slowly and rankly into my ear. “Stepan is, a Troll. Guarding is, his nature.” I laughed. I would have high fived him were I not repulsed by his rotty hand.
“Who is laughing!” Stepan nasally screeched with a look of murder on a face that could already kill. Were I brave, I would have raised my hand, but instead I let Stepan seethe. 
“I hate tenants!” he screamed. I supposed so. All I head heard of trolls was that they took their toll and then they were left alone with their property. It must have been tough for Stepan to have to deal with people all the time. If I were a gross troll I’d want time to think as well. I already wanted time to think.
After stomping his fat little feet and pointing at Ham with a threat to raise the rent (to which Ham replied, “No mister, you no raise rent, that illegal. No front like I not know laws. I gonna be mayor next year, ok? Ham 2013!”), Stepan begrudgingly squelched out of the house, and Ham closed and bolted the thing. “Me really hate that guy.”
The drama calmed, and Melody spoke in a businesslike tone. “Alright folks, we’ve reached quorum. I’m calling this meeting into action.” Since when was this a meeting? I thought we were just hanging out.
There was a collective groan and everyone plopped down on the various disheveled couches and loveseats in the room. I took a chair that seated one because I wasn’t sure I trusted anybody not to try to kill me, since Melia had left.
“We all know why we’re here,” she began. I almost raised my hand to object. “We have a new member! Our first vampire.” 
I groaned and muttered, “I object.”
Melody went on. “So let’s all introduce ourselves to Samhain!” I cringed at the utterance of my full name, as it was ridiculous, but at least she pronounced it correctly. Of course a Siren would know to say Sa-win and not Sam-hayn like every god damned substitute teacher I'd ever had. I mean, it didnt change that I was pissed. But at least she said it right.
“Let’s just go around and say our full name and our current form,” she smiled as comfortingly as I thought she could manage. “I’ll start. I’m Melody Stephanopolous and I’m a Siren.” I knew it! I knew it. 
Melody pointed to Carl. “Carl Hayes. I’m, a Zombie.” I pulled my lips back in an attempt at a smile, though what came out was a pre-evolutionary smile, a fearful paleolithic fang-flash. I waved a little.
“I’m Goody Sarah Corey and I’m a Witch,” spat the woman in the witchiest voice I’d ever heard, complete with a twiddling of the fingers and a nasty little moan.
“Finnigan O’Toole, the Leprechaun of the group,” came the good-natured next introduction.
“I Ham. I Sasquatch. Hi Sammy."
“Buddy! Currently a person, but tick me off and that’s a whole nother story,” said my now terrifying favorite yoga instructor.
“Elias Fink, a faun,” said the guy in the sweats. I was pretty proud that I had nailed that one.
“I’m Brian Rodriguez and I’m...I’m just a regular person,” said the forlorn guy who I thought I had seen flicker.
To that, the entire room replied tiredly. “You’re a ghost,” most of them said, with Ham trailing off at the end shouting, “Ghooooooost,” Finnigan saying “No, no, no, no, no Brian,” and Melody prefacing with “Sweetheart.” 
“I’m Brian Rodriguez and I...I’ve just heard that I’m a ghost.” A few scattered thank you’s went around at that.
Finally, it was Sven. The man of the hour. I had no idea what he was supposed to be, and still was sort of holding out hope that he was their human ambassador, or something. But who would let such a douche hang with them if he didn’t even have magic to show for it? I realized that on a bad day I might fit that "magicless douchebag" bill better than Sven, but now that I’d seen their secrets, could they even let me leave? My personal safety started feeling a lot less permanent. 
“I’m Sven Sorensen and I’m, ugh.” He paused right at the good part. “Elf.” 
Just as the laughter started to inadvertently bubble up my chest, Sven glared at me and said “Don’t you fucking dare.”
Alright, he knew me. I’d obviously changed...a lot less since ninth grade.
Graceful, graceful Melody kept the show rolling. “So now that we’ve all intorduced ourselves to you, why don’t you introduce yourself to us, Samhain!” 
“I don’t really go by that,” I said quickly.
Melody apologized and went on. “Alright, Sam. Tell us about you.”
“Um. I’m seventeen--”
“How long you been seventeen?” asked Ham.
“Like, eleven months.” I continued. “I’m in high school, gonna graduate next June. I’m pretty into music.” 
I saw some nodding of heads around the room, but Melody curbed the conversation like a true pro. “What do you eat?” she asked. 
I acted like I didn’t know what she was talking about and answered, “fries.”
“You can be honest with us,” she let me know calmly. “You’ve seen who we really are. You’re safe.”
“I’m not a vampire.” I said, surprised at how steadfast I was, even surrounded by people who could very easily kill me. But did they know that? Well. I wanted them to know that. I’d lived the last six years of my life here getting called a vampire, and the last four of them getting called a gay vampire. I was pretty used to looking adversity in its beady little eyes and correcting its shit. Sasquatches and god damned Sirens and Zombies and Witches and Elves and my yoga teacher had no right to tell me who the hell I was. “I’m not a vampire!” I repeated to make sure they all heard.
“Ham say yes you are!” said the Sasquatch joyfully, getting up off the couch and stepping to the entertainment center, where he pulled down a screen I hadn’t seen hanging there before.
“Hit lights!” he called. Someone did. “Melody, my powerpoint button? Slide show ready go?” She nodded her head and flipped a switch on a projector located on the kitchen counter. She handed him a clicker. “I be right back!” shouted Ham, running out of the room. We waited. No one spoke, not out of awkwardness but out of anticipation. About a minute later, Ham burst back into the room in a smashing navy blue suit over a light blue button down and a maroon tie. No shoes, and the suit fit too small (as these things do), but Ham totally looked like a mayor.
He looked at the screen and grunted in disapproval. “It have to warm up,” Ham reminded us. I sat dumbfounded. I knew a Sasquatch who was running for mayor and could work powerpoint.
The giant smiled as his first slide finally blurred into view. It was really precious, there was WordArt and ClipArt and animations over a simple purple to gold gradient. I wanted to hug Ham. 
Until I saw the title unfold from the left side. 
“Sam Is Vampire,” it said. The subscript said, “Here Definitely Why.” A picture of my face dissolved into view. Did he get that off Facebook? He smiled hugely from inside that dapper suit.
The second slide said, “Reason 1: No Go Out In Sunlight.” How did he know that? He touched a giant finger to the screen, illuminating half his body in powerpoint jargon, and said, “Me Interview Friend About It.” Oh, that was how.
“I object!” I said. Melody ushered me to share my thoughts. “My pupils don’t dilate right and my skin burns like crazy.” 
She laughed. “Yes, like a Vampire.” I shook my head but let Ham go on.
“Reason 2: No Eat People Food.” 
“I can’t eat a lot of things...I have a special diet.”
“Yes, like a Vampire,” reminded Melody.
“Reason 3: Pointy Teeth So Scary!” Ham gnashed his terrible teeth with this one to show how serious he was.
“They just came in that way! I went to the orthodontist but it would have been a lot of work that wasn’t necessary, I...oh, fine. Right. Like a Vampire. I went to the orthodontist! Vampires don’t go to Orthodontists!”
“You know, I had a vampire friend once, who-” began Elias the faun, who I shushed, even though I liked him. 
Then came “Reason 4: Sam Look Just Like Vampire.” I didn’t know how this was valid evidence at all, and it was redundant, but it was true, of course. 
A picture of me dissolved onscreen. I didn't know why that had to happen when I was very clearly sitting right the fuck in front of these people. It featured me, standing by a tree. My skin was pale as could be (thanks to my Kurdish-Polish background, tendency to retreat to the internet, and photosensitivity) and my eyes were dark. Like they were. So was my hair, it's black and straight and I was keeping it at about my shoulders because I was edgy and it was easy to hide behind. I had dark circles under my eyes because that happens when you're pale and can never sleep. In this picture I was smiling and my lame crooked mouth was exposed. My front teeth overlapped a little and my canines stuck out a little. It wasn't really that noticable. 
I sighed. I had kind of wanted these people to be my friends. I was pretty sick of them right now.
Ham went on. “Reason 5: Name Samhain! (say like Sow In)” curled into view. He nodded his big furry head and said, “Samhain definitely name for Vampire.”
I hated when this one was used as an excuse. “My parents were hippies and I was born on Halloween! It seemed like a good idea at the time.” 
Melody interjected again. “Your birthday is on Halloween? I didn’t even know that! Is that your birth birthday, or was that the day you were bitten?”
I sighed. There was no convincing them. “My birth birthday.” 
Everyone oooohed. I tried to smile graciously. I supposed I was a Vampire.

