I started sitting with Melody, Carl, and Sven. I didn't know that they sat together, probably because I had gotten used to trapping myself in the cafeteria at every lunch, but they did. Outside in the comfortable shade of a big, reddening tree on the edge of the campus. Not the same tree I'd had that conversation with Sven under, but one just as comfortable. I liked being there because I liked them. They may not have been the friends I'd dream up, but I got them and they mostly got me too. Old Carl may have been clammy and smelly, but he was kind and genuine. Melody may have had me on edge in fear that she'd exhaustingly ruin my emotions again, but she liked good music and with unrivalled sanity. The things Melody said were sensible all the time and she always made sense. I liked having her around to calm my fears, I'd noticed. She kept me in reality when all else made me want to expect the worst, and usually craziest. Sven was Sven, but he was...Well, I didn't know anything that I liked about him. He was pretty. 
None of them ate at lunch except Sven, who ate a lot. He always ate his school lunch and sometimes asked Melody or Carl or now, me, for ours as well. Of course, Carl's food of choice was brains. Melody, too, didn't eat school lunches, as her thing was eating humans. But, they assured me, they could both live with raw meat and preferred it that way, as it was murder free, at least as far as humans were concerned. Melody nodded her head in my direction and I smiled like I totally got what it was like not to be able to eat human food.
Sven ate and ate and ate. Honestly, his embarrassment about being an Elf just made it more convincing that he was a regular old hateful football player. Shoveling food into his mouth with that nasty grimace still pasted on. If you could forget about the fact that he was hanging out with a stoner (Zombie) and queer (Vampire), he was definitely hanging out with the hottest girl in school (fucking literal man-slaughtering fucking Siren). He didn't hang out with the other football players, but who would? Our school boasted both the most violent and fridge-like football team in the state, and the one with the least wins. Sven had been a saving grace in sophomore year, and again this year, but even he, even Sven with his superpowers, with his sonic blasts, yes even old Sven who'd already been scouted and offered a place at Oklahoma State for next year, couldn't lead his team to victory. He had other friends and rightly so, who wouldn't?
The second day I did this, the following Monday, Melody and Carl and I were planning on going homecoming shopping after school. It was the next weekend and Melody was just so excited to pick out a dress. Carl was the only one with a license and he had langudily begged me to come along. "Melody is, so hard, to shop with," he'd whispered as if he had experience with this. 
"Sure, I'd love to," I committed, just as I realized it was Wednesday and I'd have to ditch Cole and Celia for drama club that day. I was very quickly severing all that held me to them and it scared me to think about, so instead I thought about homecoming. Would that be a fun thing to do? I'd never gone, never even had the urge to go to a school dance before. It didn't work though, I thought about Cole and Celia again. I didn't care about us growing apart now because I was sitting with my new friends, who seemed pretty cool. But I knew I'd miss them soon and I felt my chest tighten with guilt at the sadness they might already be feeling.
As if cued onstage by the script that had to be leading my ridiculous life, Cole appeared. Well, not appeared, that was Brian the Ghost's job. Cole walked up to where I was sitting. I went to meet him. 
"Why aren't you hanging out with us?" He asked, more loudly than he should have, thanks to his background in musical theatre. I shushed him. "No, no what's happening to you, Sam?" He hollered.
"Nothing!" I felt suddenly more tired now that he was here, doing his subconscious best to stretch me so thin under the harsh unnatural lights that were his judgemental tendencies.
"Suddenly you're hanging out with other people and I didn't even get the memo! And why are you eating outside?" 
"Because it's nice out and my friends are here." That was obvious, I felt.
"You don't even like being outside, last I checked." He crossed his arms and frowned at me.
What was this about? "Do too, when the sun's not in my face," I told him.
"Why have we been eating in the cafeteria for two years, then?" He sounded really upset, even though we both knew it had been his idea to eat in the cafeteria for the last two years. Had it been?
Call me stupid, but I really needed help figuring out what this had to do with anything. I voiced this confusion. "What?"
"Why have we been in the cafeteria for two years? Me and Celia used to sit outside and then you came along, all pale and sun scared! We started sitting inside for you!"
Ohhhhh. That was it. Well, I sure felt like a jerk.
"I'm sorry. I thought that was your thing," I mumbled.
"No, that was not my thing," he said sarcastically and with disproportionate anger to the actual crime committed here.
"I think you're making a big deal-" he cut me off before I could finish.
"Maybe I am but I'm mad, Sam! You haven't talked to me in weeks and now you're not even sitting with us! And since when are you friends with these people?" He gestured to the monsters, who were all three standing back and letting the drama unfold. At this gesture, though, Sven sort of lurched at Cole, who took a startled step back.
"Well, when you're ready to make sense, Celia and I will be outside somewhere." Cole finished this and turned around to leave. Before he left, though, he finished with a staccato sentence. "Don't bother coming to drama club."He was out of my sight in a matter of seconds.
I stood paralyzed for a minute, and then I took a deep breath and sat back down. I was still for a minute, Melody and Carl moving in close and asking if  I was alright, and then,
I started crying.
As soon as it started, it became as much about embarrassment as it was about anything else. Sure, my best friends hated me, I was running on an accumulative 9 hours of sleep for the past two weeks, and my life was out of control, poor me. But I was crying in front of people and that was bad news. 
I only actually cried for a moment but it felt like much longer, as I slow motion wiped tears from my face and sniffled as Melody, Carl, and, oh God, Sven (Who, for all his might and hard work had never seen me cry) slow-motion sat and watched me with wide eyes.
There was a kind thumping on my back from Carl. I wanted to just run away and let that be the end of it, of everything. But I stayed. There's this thing that happens with people when you, selfishly, do embarrassing things like cry in front of people. It's called, "there's nothing you can do that won't make you look like an ass." You can run away and have people grudgingly think they need to follow you. You can tell people to go away and mean it, and have people think you're emotionally volatile and a jerk. Well, either way you seem like an emotionally volatile jerk. Don't cry in front of people, is what I'm saying.
Anyhow, old Carl gave me a pat on the back and I sniffled and said, "Thanks."
"You know, I sometimes get, stressed out, too," said old Carl. 

