That day after school, after I'd had plenty of afternoon to deal with myself (and also a nap in study hall) Carl and Melody and I went homecoming shopping.
Never having been to a dance before, I wasn't sure how this worked or even really what people wore, but I figured I'd learn. And learn I did, when Melody took over an hour to pick which of three dresses she wanted. "This one's red, and I love red," she said charmingly. "But this one's got ruffles! And that one's sparkly." Her voice was still charminly like crimson but it had a decidedly different texture now that she liked me. Something like happiness. 
"Why don't you get, a sparkly, red dress, with ruffles?" asked daft old Carl in his best attempt at quippiness. 
"No, Carl, that would be tawdry," said Melody in a jokingly motherly way. 
"Oh, fine, fine," moaned the Zombie flippantly. 
Melody eventually picked the ruffly one, which was a sort of puce, though puce didn't do it justice, as it was a perfectly nice color that complimented Melody's olive complexion quite well. After she had quite settled into her choice, we went to the men's section of the department store to "get [me] inspired," as ever beautiful, social, up to date Melody suggested. This section of the trip was entirely to give me ideas about what I might want to wear to homecoming (which I wasn't even sure I was going to attend). Carl didn't need to shop; he already had something at home he could wear. Where was home for Carl? I'd asked him, wondering if Zombies lived in caves or dumpsters or the city landfull or perhaps in self-dug holes. He'd given me the same look I tended to give people when they asked me when I "decided to be gay," and told me he still lived with his mom. "I wasn't, born, a Zombie, Sam," he'd sighed.
The racks Melody steered us to were full of stupid looking button downs in all manner of muted colors, tired looking slacks, ugly shoes. Living in smalltown Oklahoma really knocked out a lot of high fashion options. This stuff looked like the kind of business casual attire people wore to car rental jobs. I wasn't into it. "I'll just buy something online," I found myself saying within the first minute of standing still on the pathway, too uninterested to even page through the racks. "I've got something at home. I'm not even going to the dance." Melody nodded her head and Carl grunted a laugh, and we all turned around quickly and went back to Carl's van at a Zombie's pace. 
As Carl was the only one of the three of us who had a license, he was charged with shepherding us. I trusted him as a driver, only because I don't think he ever topped 20 miles per hour. It could have been his disheveled old van, which didn't have a shiny paint job, just patchy primer in dark grey and then in globs of tan and forest green and blue over still-visible graffiti. I thought, though, it was probably just that he was a slow sort of guy. 
He asked us what we were up to that night, and Melody said there was nothing, so I said there was nothing too. I was, in all honesty, planning on going home and asking my parents about the whole Reggie situation that night, as it was inching closer each and every day, and I was still sort of holding out hope that he and Pauline would be able to stay with us for a night. I thought about it and got anxious, though, so I figured my body was telling me to hang out with Carl and Melody for a while. 
"Wanna go see Ham?" sang Melody. Carl nodded and turned on his right turn blinker, 200 feet before the next turn. 
We took three right turns then, because Carl didn't turn left. Which was interesting, because Ham hole was to the right of where we originally were. We were now going the wrong way, now. I didn't say anything. 
In about five minutes we pulled into the parking lot of a coffee shop. Ah, so we were stopping for ice blended beverages before we went to Ham hole. I didn't generally drink coffee; I could and did stay awake perfectly fine without it. But they had lemonade so I was complacent. 
We walked into the samie corporate branch. It smelled the same as every other location and it featured the same logo I'd gotten used to after years of existing in the world. Behind the counter, baristas wore the same green aprons I'd seen a hundred times before on a hundred different people. The three of us walked to the back of the long line and continued chit-chatting. Well, Melody and I chit-chatted but Carl had trouble keeping up. I was going to have to learn to match Carl's pace the same way I'd learned not to use sarcasm around Aubrey, who tended not to laugh but just to get confused. 
Then, I heard a voice I knew. "Big Soy Vanilla Latte?" it called. "This one for Jean? Jean Blue Jean? Big Latte?" I gasped and laughed as literal tears of joy started to fill my eyes. Ham was such a winner. "Nobody gonna claim this latte?" 
I stepped out of line so I could see Ham. He was gargantuan behind the tiny counter and his apron was a doll's apron over a long sleeved black shirt. He wore a dinky hat on his head and a fake smile on his toothy face. "Okay, I gonna count to three and if Jean not claim latte I give to first person who know name of local congressperson." 
Jean didn't claim her latte and, alas, nobody knew the name of their local congressperson. Ham was very dissapointed so he downsized to ask the name of the mayor. I knew the anwer, it was Mayor Schmoverlord. He was a funny looking old Swedish guy. Somebody got that one and Jean's latte was redistributed. 
Carl and Melody were close to the front of the line now, talking about Homecoming again. "I'm gonna dance like this," Melody said, dropping back slowly enough for Carl to catch her. "We're gonna twist and shout like no other," she laughed. 
Carl moaned. "I don't, twist, and I try not to, shout," he said. "That's Ham's job." Then he laughed and it sounded like an upset donkey. I was so happy to see them lollygagging. It reminded me of Cole and Celia except that they were genuinely nicer people despite being driven to murder. 
It was our turn. "Hey, welcome, what do you want?" muttered a girl with dead eyes. Melody ordered an espresso con panna (lots of homework that night, she sighed), Carl a blended caramel thing, and I just got a lemonade. I paid for the three of us since Melody had just gotten a dress and Carl needed his cash for gas money. We sat down to wait for our drinks. 
It seemed Ham hadn't seen us before, because when he saw the three cups in a row with our names on them, I saw his head snap up and watched him scan the room for us with squinted eyes. He finally saw us and waved heartily, the smile on his lips turning genuine instantly. 
"Friends! I on break soon, you wait?" He hollered. All of us gave him a thumbs up at the same time. It was magical.
--
Ham's break was about ten minutes later, and he suggested we take a short walk to the park across the street. Throwing his hat and apron down on the ground, he told us, "I really not like working there."
"Why do you, then?" I asked. 
"Lost old job as assistant to lawyer. Recession say, 'assist own damn self!' and now Ham have to pay bills somehow. Good thing, have affordable mortgage and lots of pretty good suit for when get to be Mayor."
I smiled. "I like how you look in that apron though. It's very fetching."
"Lots of thank yous, Sammy. Not customer fault they not know good coffee if it bite on butt. Ham know good coffee. Ham try to make good coffee at work one time but instead made machine spray boiling water on face. Had pourover at home, but lost it in Great Porcelain Breakening of 2012 thank yous to best friend Sven." Ham sighed and added. "Sven just need support network." 
I thought that, too.
The four of us sat around for another fifteen minutes and Ham let us know he had to get back to work. We went back to Carl's beat up old van and he painstakingly drove me home.
When I got into the house, I threw my bag by the door and shuffled my shoes off as Misty came up to me, purring. I picked her up and kissed her on the head, carrying her into the kitchen, which was empty. I was famished, I had realized that as soon as the lemonade hit my empty stomach at the coffee shop. 
I went to the fridge to, happily, find it fuller than the last time I'd looked in there. There was a bunch of stuff I liked. Mac and cheese, even! I opened up the tub and pulled out a piece of pasta with my fingers. Oh yes. Could use microwaving though. I popped it in for a minute.
As soon as there was noise, my dad came out of his bedroom. "I got you something," he said. 
"Really?" I smiled, greedily opeing the microwave door with 14 seconds left on the clock and laying into the food with my fork. Dad handed me a package. Taped to the front was a little business card that said "Family Guidance Counseling," an address, and then on a dotted line, "Samhain Clark, 5pm Thursday, October 24." Inside the package was something called a "follow me leash for cats." 
"Thanks, Dad." I wished that appointment wasn't exactly during the weekly meeting with my friends, but I figured I could miss one week and not have my Vampire rights revoked. I sighed. No Vampire rights to revoke. There was no damn way they wouldn't find out at some point or other. 
"You're welcome, son."


