I couldn't relax that night at yoga. Even Aubrey noticed that I couldn't soften my shoulders during warrior, I couldn't keep my balance during tree pose, I couldn't stop fidgeting during child's pose. The instructor, Buddy, the one with the dog, kept coming up and adjusting my moves. I just couldn't channel Captain, couldn't get my head away from Ham. Why was there a sasquatch living in my town? Why was he friends with Carl and Melody and, ugh, Sven? I reminded myself that I still wasn't sure if it was the same Sven who had joyfully smacked me around every day for two years. More importantly than potentially hanging out with my arch nemesis, however, was the question: why was the town Sasquatch hanging out with those kids? I didn't know about Carl (he was so strange) but Melody sure had friends, as did Sven. Did they know Ham was a sasquatch? Could they not know? 
I thought about Carl's slow speech, his pallid, greyish face, his cloudy eyes and his awkward movement. Melody's uncannily sexy body, her enchanting, lyrical voice, the charm she sent out over me like, I don't know, tear gas. Napalm. I thought about Sven, who I hadn't seen up close in a while. We went to the same school but I did my best to give him the kind of space a restraining order would warrant. Sven was very tall, with sharp features. He was really spectacular at football (but shaped more like a soccer player) and really spectacularly angry, from what I saw and heard, all of the time. He hadn't used to be like that when we were friends. He had started getting really tall and really homophobic at the same time, in around ninth grade. I didn't think those things were related. 
I thought about all these strange, strange humans who were friends with Ham. I thought about these humans for a good while, while holding my arms out, stepping my feet out as wide as my wrists, turning my left leg out at the hip and pulling my right toes in to face 10 o'clock on the mat. Thought about the humans as I was wrapping my outer upper arms in, pulling my quadriceps off my knees. Humans as I was pulling my tailbone down and softening my butt. Humans as I pulled through a vinyasa and ended up in downward dog. Humans, humans, it echoed in my mind like a mantra with each ujjayi breath. And then, finally, as I tried to quiet my mind in savasana, it hit me. What do a real Sasquatch, a kid who acts undead, a kid with uncanny sexual prowess, and a kid who is...tall and homophobic all have in common? 
They weren't humans. Except maybe Sven.
Whatever they were, they were probably not humans. That was what held them together. Of course it was. Gosh, and I thought I was fairly endowed in the common sense department. 
No, it was okay. None of this stuff was real. I spent much of my life reminding myself of that. Now that maybe it was all real, there was some adjusting to do. It wasn't an insult to my common sense that I didn't look at Carl the first time, with his frustratingly slow nature and his slightly fishy smell, and think, "zombie!" Was Carl a zombie? Did I know a zombie? Wow. My heart started pounding and my throat got a little tighter. Just then, Buddy spoke softly. 
"Alright my yogis, slowly come back into the breath. Wiggle your fingers and toes and, when you're ready, roll off onto the right side."
Thank goodness.
After class, Aubrey asked me what the problem was. "What got into you today, dude?" she asked.
I shrugged it off. "I couldn't welcome the spirit of Captain today!" I joked as sincerely as I could.
"Haha, we all have those days I guess. Anyhow, have I told you what Brian said yesterday? About cats?"
"Nooooo."
"My kitties changed his mind about kitties! He didn't used to like them, did I tell you that?" She had told me that a few times. “He likes kitties now! Because of Thom and Jonny! Isn’t he so sweet!”
He was so sweet, I agreed. I’d sort of had a crush on Brian for a while, but not now that Aubrey was this infatuated. A few days prior she had played hookey with work, yoga, and our movie plans to do I didn’t want to (but did) know what with Brian. 
“Want a salad? It’s 2 dollars off today,” I reminded her.
“Is it Wednesday? Oh good. Of course!” 

