The next morning, I was at school getting my Algebra 2 book from my locker and dropping off the cardigan I had worn to school. I had stopped to think about whether or not I needed my English book that day, and holy shit, whether I had forgotten to do the homework? No, I-- I felt a tap on my shoulder. 
I turned around. It was someone I'd never spoken to but who had a face I recognized. I think I had English with him. He looked sick most of the time and he seemed a little slow. His eyes didn't track as fast as usual and his mouth hung open sometimes. I didn't know enough about him to have any real opinion, though. "Hello," I said.
"Heeey," the kid said slowly. I think his name was Carl? Carlos? I felt bad for not knowing and I tried not to show it on my face. "Ummmm, I heard about you, on the news, last night." He spoke irritatingly slowly and took big pauses between words. I didn't think I liked him very much.
"Yeah, I guess," I said. Perfectly ingratiating first conversation, I thought. 
"So I was um, wondering if, you wanted, to come over, later," said the boy. What a jump. I saw you on the news, come over! What was that supposed to mean? I thought I understood this kid now. He was one of those cryptozoologist type folks who contacted me sometimes. 
"Listen, I'm not actually a vampire," I said to the kid, whose name I thought was Carl now. 
"Okaaaay." He managed to sound both daft and skeptical at the same time.
"No, really, I'm not. It's just a rumor. For real. See you in class." I started walking away, but I could have sworn I saw him wink. I sighed. 
--
At lunch I met my friends Cole and Celia. They were eating some weird vaguely hot dog type thing. I wasn't eating. There was nothing appealing about the offerings that day, or any honestly. I didn't eat meat and I stayed away from the overly processed, and I was also allergic to soy which, if the whole meat or processed thing wasn't enough, was pretty universally present in that kind of food. Celia asked me why I hadn't packed a lunch again. 
"I was up late," I answered. That was usually my answer, but it was also usually true. I'd been up talking to Reggie until early. His dark circles had to be as bad as mine by now, though the time zones were in his favor. 
"Dude was that thing on the news about you?" Cole asked, like he'd been holding it in. He wasn't generally interested in this kind of thing, but he had a tendency to idolize celebrities. Being talked about on the news was sort of big, even for me, a local celebrity in my own right, and Cole was probably feeling a bit starstruck. I just nodded, sinking back into my shoulders a little and looking down. 
Celia looked at me with that soft judgement in her brown eyes that she gave me every time I was irresponsible, which was frequently. "What did you do to get on the news?" She asked quietly and pursed her lips. 
I started explaining about the woman grabbing my backpack and me scaring her away, as Celia grew inscreasingly more wide-eyed, when appeared another student I recognized but didn't know. She was younger than me, I thought. I'd never had a class with her. She was a short, tiny girl, and I'd have to get to know her if I was ever not going to resent her. I'd mostly seen her walking around in short skirts and stockings with suspenders, red lipstick, long brown hair all perfectly messy down her back. She was this perfect mixture of a sort of vintage charm and modern babeliness. I wanted to kiss her but I also kind of wanted her to suffer for being so damn self aware about her cuteness. It was almost sickening. I frequently saw her talking to random boys with her breasts propped out, throwing her pretty head back in laughter at something they had said, though they usually looked dumber than usual and incapable of saying anything worth hearing. I wondered why that was the thing she had decided to do for fun.
I didn't know her, but I didn't like her all that much. Here she was, however, sauntering up to me with her hips swaying as she stepped toe first. She stopped and sort of posed with a hand on a hip and her chin towards the sky. "Hey," she said with a graceful little smile in a voice I'd never heard her use before. Sort of deep and raspy and melodic. Kind of enchanting. I cannot tell a lie, I was quite suddenly infuriatingly attracted to this girl. 
"Uh. Hi," I said as flippantly as i could manage. 
"I saw that news story about you," a half smile graced her painted lips. 
I couldn't help but throw my head back and open my arms out in a question to the sky. "Why?" I frustratedly asked no one in particular. I sighed heavily, having got that out of my system, and turned back to the girl.
"I'm not a real vampire," I said curtly. 
Her reply was a knowing smile, a small laugh to herself, a shrug of the shoulders, and a good humored "Alright then, kid." Then she flipped her gorgeous hair over her shoulder and sauntered away. I hated to see her leave but I loved to watch her go. 
I turned to Cole and Celia with an open mouth of displeased confusion. Celia had a purely disgusted look on her face, but Cole's expression matched mine. "What the hell?" He laughed in disbelief and gave me a high five that turned into a handshake. "Melody talked to you dude!" 
As soon as the girl, whose name I guess was Melody (leave it to Cole to know that), left my sight, I stopped wanting her so much and went back to having a problem with her. Something about her profile or the shine of her hair or the curve of her waist was lost when I couldn't see it. It was sort of like remembering bad pain, you remember that it hurt and you remember feeling awful, but the real feeling is lost once it's gone. I noticed that the wonder in my face had changed to disgust and I tried to curb it. 

