"Have you gotten your Homecoming ticket yet?" asked Melody for the second time that day. 
"No, I don't even know what day it is," I said. 
"Saturday! Saturday. I have told you a hundred times, it's Saturday," she said. 
"I don't even have a date," I sighed. If Reggie lived here, he could be my date, but I didn't to go alone. I couldn't wait till he visited on Saturday.
Oh shit.
"I have to make a call," I said as I walked a few feet away and pulled out my phone. I dialed Reggie's number. 
"Hey, I'm between classes," he said quickly, his voice bouncing in a step-like syncopation.
"I just wanted to know if you'd. Um. Will you go to homecoming with me?" I spat out before the nervous quake kicked in.
"Oh. When is it?"
"Saturday."
"Yeah, I'll pack something nice."
"Awesome. Have a good day."
"You too, bye."
I went back to where my friends were sitting. They were talking, but I saw all three of them raise eyebrows and look skeptically when I returned, and they were quiet.
"I'm going to homecoming. I have a date." 
Melody and Carl started clapping, her hands making quick, light noises and Carl's thumping sluggishly. "Who is it?" she asked in a gossip-ready fashion.
"Oh, just a friend of mine. You don't know him."
"We will," said Carl with...what was that, a smirk? A pallid grey smirk. 
Sven didn't say anything. He just looked at me with a little more than his usual rage. 
--
Tonight was the night I had to ask my parents about Reggie. I'd put it off for way too long, and now homecoming was in three days and they didn't even know I was going. My poor mom didn't even know I was going to the dance and I owed it to her. I decided I'd stop home before the meeting, which seemed to usually get going at around 5:30. 
I dropped my backpack on the front step and dug around for my key. Before I found it, however, my mom opened the door. "Hey Sammy," she said. "I heard you out there." She had a warm smile on her face. I straightened out and opened the door wide enough to let me in, but before I could close it back up, Misty darted out through the narrowing opening and hid under the bushes.
"Kitty girl, come here bad smelly cat," I said, reaching under the bushes and brushing just her tail before she moved out of the way of my hand and started licking the trunk of one of the bushes. "Come here Misty baby," I cooed. 
I eventally led her out one side of the bushes, where my mom was waiting to pick her up under the arms, hold her up, say, "You bad little thing!" and kiss her on the head. We went inside. 
"So mom, I wanted to ask you something," I said quietly and nervously. 
"Of course!" She sounded excited. I hadn't really "asked her something" in a while, I realized.
"So," I started. "Homecoming is on Saturday." She nodded slowly, with wide dark eyes. "I want to go." 
A huge smile graced her full lips. "That sounds great, Sam. Are you going with Cole and Celia?" 
I took a deep breath and meeped, "No. I was hoping I could go with my friend Reggie." 
"That sounds alright. Have I met Reggie?"
"Nope. I haven't either. He lives in California."
My mom, having very little knowledge of the internet past e-mails of funny dog pictures and news reports about cute internet boys like Reggie actually being 50 years old and into child porn, instantly hardened. Her expression inadvertently showed her distaste the same way mine did, with her lips pulling down and her eyebrows furrowing a little. "I don't know about that, Sam."
"Why not?" I asked quietly.
"You don't know who he could be," she said. But I did know who he was.
"I've talked to him on the phone. I've heard his voice. I've video chatted with him before. I literally know exactly who he is."
"They can fabricate that. Look, honey, I'm just worried about you. The internet is really dangerous." There was no way to convince someone who didn't know about the internet that it was mostly safe. The truth was, I'd talked to scary people before, I'd been in situations where I knew someone had malicious intentions or wasn't who they said they were. Everyone who spent hours a day on social networking sites had. There were signs. Those people tried to get you to talk sexy with them the day you met them, they were secretive about their identities, they wanted to hang out but didn't want to talk on the phone first, they said things about themselves that didn't make sense. Once you were talking via webcam with someone there wasn't much ambiguity left. I'd known Reggie for almost a year and I could say with all logic behind me and no wishful thinking, that he was exactly who I thought he was. 
I got an idea. "Come here, Mom. Come upstairs with me." 
She nodded her head again, looking skeptical but getting up. I picked up Misty, she made a contented noise like she tended to do.
We got to my room and I had my mom sit in the desk chair while I knelt next to it and hit the space bar on my computer a bunch of times. 
The login screen came into view and I clattered my password on the keyboard, which I'd scooted over to my side of the desk. The speakers made a welcoming little noise and I was in. I double clicked the chat icon, my mom sitting silently in wait. Reggie was online, as he tended to be this time of afternoon. "hey reggie will you say hi to my mom?" I asked. 
"oh sure...hi ms. clark!" 
My mom groaned a little and said, "Why does he know your last name?"
"We're friends on Facebook," I said. Duh. 
I typed to Reggie. "can you vidceo us? she thinks you're a hairy old man."
"i'm offended!" 
A ringing sound came out of the speakers and an icon appeared on screen. I clicked the accept button and Reggie's face showed up on the screen, larger than life on my big monitor, though I guess I couldn't prove that.
"Hey, Ms. Clark!" he said. His voice was slightly distorted and his face was sort of blurry, but it was obvious that he was a teenage boy and not a scary old man. 
"Hello," said my mom. "Can he see me?" she whispered. "Can you hear me?" 
"Yes I can, loud and clear," said Reggie enthusiastically, smiling and showing off white teeth and dimples.
My mom was trying to hide her smile. "So you want to take my son to his homecoming?"
"I do, ma'am." He was so good at this talking to parents thing. I was terrible at it. I usually hid awkwardly and quietly from my friends' parents. Reggie's extroversion was saving my life right now. How high school did that sound? My internet boyfriend was buttering up my mom so he could take me to the dance. Life = saved. That my existence revolved around homecoming and cute boys was a funny thing to think, especially since my impermanence had been hitting me pretty hard lately in the form of undead and superstrong new best friends. 
"Okay then, Reggie. You can do that. You've got to come over and let me take pictures first. Don't want Sam's first dance to go undocumented." she smiled as Reggie's face turned into surprise.
"You've never been to a dance before?" he asked, loud enough to distort the sound quite a bit.
"I'm shy! I don't have any friends!" I lightheartedly defended.
"Haha, alright," said Reggie jokingly. 
"Okay, I'll leave you boys to it," said my mom, getting up out of the chair and pulling it out for me.
"Actually I've gotta go somewhere," I said. 
"Ah, where?" Asked Reggie.
"New friends all hang out on Thursdays! Bye Reg. See you soon!" 
"Bye!" he said. He blew a kiss and his face disappeared from the screen.
"Who are your new friends?" asked my mom. Right, I hadn't even mentioned Ham and the gang to my parents yet. I supposed while I was telling her about Reggie, I might as well tell her (a few things) about my new eclectic group of friends.
"Uh. I've been hanging out with these kids from school and some of their friends."
"I should have known about this before right now," she said evenly.
"It's been hard to talk to you. I've been worried about Reggie, and too tired, and Cole and Celia have been being weird and I didn't even know if I really liked these new people," I sort of word-vomited. 
My mom sighed deeply, exhaled deeply, and said, "Okay. Well, what are they like?" 
"Um, they're really genuine. Sort of. There's Melody, she goes to my school, she's a S...such a cool girl." I smiled to myself. "She's really into girly stuff. Carl is kind of quiet but he's very nice. We have English together. Umm," who to mention next. "They have this friend Ham who is older and works at a coffee shop. He's got a house and I've gone over there a few times. He's running for mayor next year." I added the last part to try and paint a picture of Ham that wasn't "delinquent barista." He was literally running for mayor. 
"Wow, your friend is running for Mayor! Do you think he'll have a chance against rotten old Schmoverlord next year?" In general, Schmoverlord's approval ratings were very low. He'd been elected as mayor two consecutive terms, but nobody I knew had ever voted for the bastard. He was against pretty much everything that was good, and seemed dreadfully disorganized. He frequently made local news by reading his speech cards out of order or saying things like "who cares about education when there are minor traffic violations to persecute?" He had openly spoken out againt gay rights, babies, animal safety, airports, the arts, caffeine, the president of the United States, candles, linoleum, and baked goods to name a few. Nobody really understood what his deal was. 
"Yeah, I really think Ham's awesome. He has some great ideas about trash cans." I sat down on the bed. "There's also uh. Sven."
"The Sven?" asked my mom. I was really sending her on an emotional roller coaster ride this evening. 
"Yep. He's still a jerk but he said he was sorry. I'm giving him another chance." A very tentative chance.
"I could never give someone like that another chance. You and Mother Theresa should hang out!" She chuckled. I did, too. Little did my old mom know that I would be past the point of even being surprised if Mother Theresa's reanimated corpse showed up at Ham's house tonight. I struggled against my urge to rap on the wood of my desk. "Tell me more, Sam!" said my interested mom with a level of forgiveness I appreciated. 
"Well, there's this guy Brian. I think he and Aubrey are dating, actually," I said. She nodded. "There's this little old lady who goes to community college, her name is G...Sarah. And a painter named Finnigan. And this guy Elias who is really into sweatpants." 
"Sounds like you've met an eclectic bunch," she smiled. "I'm happy about that." Then she said, "It's okay to keep things to yourself, Sam. It's just hard to deal with, for me. I'm your mom and I love you. I want to know how you are." 
"I'm usually okay," I said. "I don't know."
"Well. You go to your friend's house. I'm glad that you're gonna try therapy next week."
"Thank you." I smiled and scooped Misty up again to go downstairs. 
I saw her leash sitting on the stove, still in the package, and decided the rowdy little thing could come with me to the Ham hole that night.
"Hey mom, I'm taking Misty with me. She wants to go," I called into the living room.
"Well if she wants to go I suppose I can't say no," she laughed.
I clipped the delicate leash onto her collar and wrapped the end around my wrist. I started heading towards the door, and Misty was complacent, but as soon as the leash pulled, she rammed hard backwards against it, making a displeased noise from her silly little mouth. "Okay I'll carry you, Princess."
I picked her up and started walking the half mile or so to Ham's house. 

