I couldn't sleep again. Luckily, Reggie was there to talk to me. We didn't talk about the fact that I had just made a lot of supernatural friends, thank goodness. We talked about normal stuff. School, college apps, parents being intrusive. His parents were a lot worse than mine and liked to try to break into his computer and read his history. We spent a while messaging warnings to his parents back and forth in all caps. "IF YOURE READING THIS...TURN BACK NOW! OR ELSE!" 
We talked about his friends and mine. He had this friend named Michelle who had named all the dance moves from this video game, and he told me about some of them. The most popular by far, he asserted, was one called "Ooh, My Pelvis Is A Choo-Choo Train." Apparently people Reggie didn't even recognize had started to do this move. It sounded hilarious. 
I told him about Celia's new play about the time travelling Puritans. She and I both thought that time period was interesting, and I had helped proofread her play and make sure it was mostly appropriate to the time period. I had had a lot of fun doing that. Fact checking her witch hunt this and Goody that. I suddenly realized, but didn't tell Reggie, that I had just met a witch named Goody Sarah Something. Maybe, if things went well, I could ask Goody Sarah Something how old she was and maybe, if that title wasn't more than just tradition, ask her a few questions about things that were still up in the air about Celia's play. Such as, what color were the buckles on their shoes? During the witch hunts, did famine ensue because everybody was too busy freaking out to do their jobs? Can a baby be a witch? Would the reaction to a same-sex makeout sesh be more like a modern fundie, or like mind blowing confusion? These things mattered, because science. 
I told Reggie about the questions I had, just leaving out the part about, you know, potentially getting to ask a real witch. He thought they were great questions to raise.
Then, he told me he was getting his car soon, which I had been hearing about for a few months. And that he wanted to drive across the country to New York, which I'd heard him entertain once or twice. And then that he wanted to stop off in my dinky little Oklahoma town and say hello for a day. Which I had never heard. 
"that woukd be really fun," I sent. 
"fall break is coming up," he replied.
"in like 2 weeks!
thats so soon"
"i could do it though. it would work."
"ok yeah. i gotta ask my mom. youll probly have to sleep in the spare room."
"if not i could probly sleep in my car. its pretty big!"
It was pretty big. It was a hand me down minivan. He had sent me a picture of it called, "mom_van.jpg"
"ok well. i hope u get to come! ur awesome. ive gotta sleep." It was 4:28 am and I was finally ready to sleep, a whole two hours and two minutes before my alarm was set to go off. Joy!
I can't remember what dreams I had, but I woke up feeling dread. 

