I did not sleep at all. I had to tell somebody about all the shit that had happened that night. Aubrey was great but she wasn’t the best listener. I would have gone to Reggie, but I didn’t want him to judge me. That was silly because he knew more about me than Aubrey, Cole or Celia did. As much as I loved them all, it was sort of different with Reggie. He was the one person who had it all laid out on the table. Even as honest as I was with him, though, I wasn’t really ready to say something potentially crazy. As silly as it sounds, Reggie definitely didn’t think I was a vampire (more than I could always say for Cole and Celia, who both still made jokes about it sometimes, and Aubrey, who didn’t even really know to what extent the madness went). I didn’t want to tell Reggie that suddenly, all I had ever said (and sometimes tearfully ranted) about the supernatural being completely ridiculous, was taken back, because I had met a Sasquatch and maybe a Zombie and a Succubus, and my biggest old frenemy was in on it somehow as well. I didn’t feel good about that. So I just told Reggie that I wasn’t being conversational because I was kind of depressed (but not for any real reason so he needn’t worry) and had sort of hurt my shoulder during yoga. I was feeling off, and that much was true. 
In between conversation with Reggie I muddied up my search history real good. Yesterday my last five searches were: 
	make logarthms less hard
	david byrne maiden name
	bow tie easy
	how to cut your own bangs
	sufjan christmas download free 
Now my last searches were:
	succubus qualities
	sirens
	siren beast qualities	
	ZOMBIE WEAKNESSES
	cold ones?
	sasquatch danger
	tall homophobic beast
	tall strong asshole supernatural
	can i be friends with m onsters
	sfjkzjfhzg
	): happy music
Things I learned that night included: 
	If Melody wasn’t just a very sexy lady, she was probably a Siren. Sirens were depicted in popular mythology a few different ways, many of which were human-bird hybrids, because birds sing beautifully (as if someone had just said, “Oh yeah, that seems right, let me make that up!” I wish!), but some versions of which just being beautiful women with seductive bodies as well as voices. Check. And, come to think of it, her dainty frame and delicate face were quite bird-like. 
	If Melody was a Siren, as I was pretty sure she was, she was probably a killer. My frantic searches offered little guidance about why she would murder humans, but I suppose it wouldn’t have made it better if I had known right then. 
	Sirens kill by lulling people to sleep with their voices. I had some earplugs in my dresser that I had taken to wearing to concerts so as not to damage my sensitive ears. I figured I could try them out when I went to Ham’s house. Possible protection against Melody was a go. Checkmate.
	If Carl wasn’t just a used up stoner, he was probably, definitely, a Zombie. Obviously, that would mean that he killed people, too. I was getting pretty stressed out about all the people, beings, jerks, whatever, that I was about to hang out with being murderers. 
	Zombies weren’t very weak but they were sort of slow. I didn’t have anything that would kill a zombie were times to get tough for old Carl and I, but I did make sure to set out clothes that were easy to run in. Didn’t want my stupid tight pants to get in the way of my physical well-being. Tomorrow was a day for sweats and Doc Marten’s. 
	Sasquatches, apart from not being real, were the most comforting of the beasts. They liked to be left alone and tended to scare humans away rather than hurting them. Ham did seem reluctant to murder, I supposed. 
	I took note of the fact that Sasquatches were the only mythical beasts that had any sort of “credible sightings,” out of the three of them. Sirens were a Greek myth that nobody believed and Zombies were an allegory for the apocalypse. Only Sasquatches seemed to be potentially real. I made sure to keep this in mind as I sunk deeper into a state of “my life just got irrevocably changed” style self pity. Ham was definitely a Sasquatch, but I still didn’t have any proof other than, honestly, paranoia about the other two. And I didn’t even know what I thought Sven was supposed to be. Tall and homophobic, sure, he was probably the same sort of mysterious beast my dad was. What was I thinking?
As the digital clock in the bottom of my screen got higher and then lower and then higher again, I went through phases of self-doubt and phases of it being all too real. I kept deciding I had better just leave it till the morning, put it out of my mind, and then I kept reading more and more, until my alarm clock across the room beeped. I took a shower and went to school.
--
School was hard, of course. I was exhausted and I looked it and good old Cole had plenty to say about how I could fix my life, and good old Celia had plenty of stern looks to give me about how I was not treating my one body very well. It was all true. I didn’t talk much because there was nothing I felt at liberty to say. 
At least I had finished my logarithms. I sent Reggie a thank you text for the help he’d given me. 
At lunch I was sitting, not eating, not talking, not doing much of anything except staring at the table with a frustrated look on my face and absentmindedly twirling a strand of hair between my fingers, when approached Melody.
 I was scared when I first saw her but when I looked into her eyes I felt all my fear turn into beautiful, complex, self sacrificing love.
“Hey Sam,” she spoke and her voice was sustinance. 
What a gorgeous, gorgeous girl. Her pert cheekbones, her deep green eyes that pulled me like a wholly welcomed riptide. Take me, swallow me, drown me. Feed me to the ocean that is Melody, I will take any fate she so wishes. I lust to lose myself to her. Among the swirling whirlpool that were her ocean eyes and her lulling voice, I tried to wake up the part of my brain that knew she was a demon from the sizzling depths of hell. It batted its eyes open and smiled back at me and said, “no Sam, she’s wonderful, can’t you see her? Gosh she’s gorgeous.” 
“Hey there,” I tried to sound like I didn’t care but even I could hear that I had failed miserably. 
“So I hear you’re hanging out with us tonight,” she smirked. 
“Yeah, I suppose that’s true.” My voice was stunted, as if I was talking through a layer of mucus. I was unworthy. 
“I figured you’d want the address.” She laughed and it was angels singing Glory to God and the ringing wedding bells of a couple who had made the right choice in saying “forever.” Then she handed me a scrap of lined paper with, written in the sultriest, curliest handwriting I’d ever seen, a street number. It read:
“19036 South Patterson Street
Off 19th and Gimlin
we are all looking forward to seeing you.”
I read over it quickly, but wasted no time in looking back into Melody’s eyes. They were so perfect. I had my head resting on my hand, with my elbow resting on the table, and I sighed. I must have looked exactly as dumb and dumbstruck as all the guys I had gotten used to judging. I knew now. She had something very, very special about her. I loved her, and that was fact.
“Alright then, bye Sammy.” I loved it when she called me that. “Bye Cole,” she finished in a slightly sultrier tone than the one she used on me. I tried not to be jealous. She turned around gracefully, flipping her hair over her shoulder, throwing at me the scent of strawberries. My mouth watered. I watched her meet Carl near the door, and the two of them left the cafeteria together.
As soon as she was gone, Cole shook his head like a wet dog and squinted his eyes in disbelief. “Did she just call you...Sammy?” He asked. 
"Really, guys?" came from Celia's disbelieving mouth.
I was too busy being pretty sure she had been tenderizing my brainmeat for slaughter to answer. 

